URL: https://www.comap.org/contests/mcm-icm
标题: MCM_ICM主页面

The Mathematical Contest in Modeling (MCM)®
The Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling (ICM)®
The Challenge
COMAP's Mathematical Contest in Modeling (MCM) and Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling (ICM) are international contests for high school students and college undergraduates. The contests challenge teams of up to three students to analyze, model, solve, and present solution reports to an open-ended application problem. In these contests research, analytics, and applied intelligence are just as important as time management and problem selection. Are you and your team up to it?
Problem Choices
Contest teams of up to three students address one of the following six problem choices over the period of the contest weekend.
- MCM Problem A (continuous)
- MCM Problem B (discrete)
- MCM Problem C (data insights)
- ICM Problem D (operations research/network science)
- ICM Problem E (sustainability)
- ICM Problem F (policy)
What's in it for you?
The contests provide a challenge to solve a real-world application problem, and get recognition for it on an international stage. It's an excellent opportunity to develop your interpersonal skills through teamwork, develop technical writing and communication skills through your written report, feel a sense of accomplishment, and earn an impressive resume credential. Students and advisors report that participation and success in MCM/ICM provides an advantage when applying for internships and jobs.
What's in it for your school?
Schools enjoy the recognition and prestige of being part of COMAP's annual international modeling contest event. COMAP published a press release of the annual contest results that lists advisors, schools, school locations, and awards. Contest participation indicates the school’s support of students’ meaningful application of topics studied in the classroom in preparation for addressing a variety of problems in the real-world. The contest can provide impetus and justification for developing more applied courses and for integrating modeling into current courses.
And there’s MORE!
MCM/ICM offer your team and school the chance to win prizes. The 2025 International COMAP Scholarship Award will be awarded to the six(6) top MCM/ICM teams from any of the participating countries/regions; $9000 being split among the team members and $1000 to the school represented. Awards will be announced on or before May 30th each year.

Popular Blog Posts

What If MCM/ICM Teams Designed the World?
Imagine a world designed by the mathematical minds participating in COMAP's MCM/ICM contests. These competitions have addressed various problems, from optimizing urban infrastructure to planning interplanetary colonies.
How a First-Time Team Had Their Most Meaningful Four Days of College During MCM/ICM
When we think about student teams competing in MCM/ICM, we often picture seasoned STEM majors or returning participants. But sometimes, the most inspiring stories come from first-timers, like Team 2528357 from the University of Southern Mississippi.
Why MCM/ICM is the Perfect Way to Test Your Skills
Participating in a math modeling contest might seem daunting, but COMAP’s MCM/ICM are uniquely crafted to test and refine a broad range of skills beyond what traditional math competitions typically require.